What about the prince?
I have blocked the time of three sticks of incense here.
Why hasn't he come out yet?
Hey, report to Princess Su
When you first arrived
I have already informed His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
But His Royal Highness the Crown Prince did not come
There must be something urgent
I am the titular mother of the prince's elders
How dare he make me number 9 again?
Uh, His Royal Highness the Prince said
If you don't want to wait
Probably left
Change it another day
Fly to see
When will I wait?
Su Guangfei hasn't left yet?
Too much processing at noon last night
Oops, went to bed too late
And then only now
Chopsticks fit on a big shelf
Yeah, so what?
I need Daxia Prince
A little shelf is not normal
I want you to release Yan Ying
He is your concubine
Husband and wife can't kill no matter what
I want to see the princess
The performance of
My hands
Too much evidence
Sour and weak
I also asked the princess to dress me
Don't you dare
I am the princess
I am your father's man
Come on, kill Yan Yingying now